You're married, Olivia, damn, he is so hot.
What?
Okay, yeah, I'm coming home right now.
I have to go home.
Now.
Hey, I came back as soon as I got to the pool.
Where are you going?
None of your business.
None of my business.
Lydia, I promised your mom that I would look after you, okay?
Just tell me what's going on to you.
You have like a boyfriend.
I'm not trying to, like, meddle in your life or anything.
Just tell me what his name is.
You really want to know his name?
It'll freak you out.
What?
Lydia, please don't leave.
Hey, so how'd it go?
You seem pretty frantic this morning.
Yeah, it's my cousin.
She ran away from home and I have no idea where she is
and I'm just worried that some guy is like
playing her or something.
Don't worry.
Sorry, I gotta go, someone's at the door.
I was there.